# |>> Current Content <<|
## Progressive Enemies
**Livheim features progressive enemies that, like the base game enemies, begin spawning as you defeat each Forsaken. Below details each custom monster and the boss that starts their spawning.**
##
### Defeated Boss: None
1. **Neckling:** A smaller, yet equally as feisty, version of the Neck that makes a good pet if you can manage to trap them without accidentally killing them. They spawn along forested streams in the Meadows, Black Forest, Swamp, and Plains. While completely harmless on their own, they can prove to be a bit much to handle during a 'Storm Swarm'. Storm Swarms are something that naturally happen during a storm. The extreme rain drives the different Necks from their streams and further inland, causing a small 'swarm' of neck across the wet landscape.
2. **Trapped Soul:** As part of my goal to fill the Mist Lands with creatures, the Trapped Soul forms an important part of that. The Trapped Soul is exactly as named, a soul trapped within the Mist Lands, a land that I personally believe is a reference to the 9th realm of [Helheim](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hel_(location)). Unfortunate souls, ferried to Hel because of their unremarkable deaths of old age or sickness, become trapped in its unless maze of mist and twisted roots. They have no goal and no drive, no reason to harm the player. Killing them would be an act of mercy, releasing their soul from the grips of Helheim. The only problem is, like many other creatures now found in the Mist Lands, they can **only** take spirit damage.
##
### Defeated Boss: Eikthyr
1. **Brute Boar:** A larger and meaner version of the regular boar. Usually found alone because of their aggressive nature, Brute Boars are often easy to deal with by the time they start spawning. They can be found in forested areas within the Meadows and Black Forest. Aside from an increased attack damage and damage resistance, the Brute Boar behaves like a typical boar.
2. **Elder Boar:** A small and elderly boar, able to live to his age because of your efforts to quell the chaos in the Meadows. They can typically be found shuffling about in the berry bushes of the Meadows and only the Meadows. Easily spotted by their greyed hair, an Elder Boar will run at the first sight of danger, their old body unable to battle like it used to. Its advised to leave them alone, as their meat is tough and stringy in their age anyway.
3. **Alpha Neck:** As the dust settles around Eikthyr's demise, the forest creatures often find themselves without a guide. The Necks are one such example that stepped up to the occasion. Alpha Necks are a larger version of the typical Neck with increased damage and resistance to poison. They can often be found around their peers, leading the group to food or away from danger.
##
### Defeated Boss: The Elder
1. **Greydwarf Elder Shaman:** Hailing from the Black Forest, like the rest of the Greydwarfs, the Elder Shaman is an advanced version of the regular Shaman. Instead of rushing into battle, the Elder Shaman will stay back and forget about his ranged poison attack. Instead, he focuses on keeping himself alive while providing heavy support to those around him. This support comes as a more advanced healing, but also a shielding spell similar to the Fuling Shaman in the Plains. Keep in mind that he can still attack you and do some damage, he just prefers not to. Your best bet is to target the Elder Shaman as soon as you see him or you'll have a rough time dealing with anything else around.
2. **Skeleton General:** Basically a buff version of a normal skeleton with a signicicant increase in slash damage and pierce resistance. After defeating The Elder, you can find him wandering the Black Forest. But after defeating Yagluth he can be found almost anywhere at a decreased spawn rate and increased chance of higher level. The Skeleton General has the appearance of a regular skeleton with a deer hide cape and **always** spawns with a sword. He does not typically spawn along with other skeletons and will most likely be found alone.
3. **Greyling Berserker:** Unless you're a starting player, a greyling doesn't sound like much of a challenge... but this one will be. The Greyling Berserker is a slightly smaller version of the normal Greyling, but with a heavily increased movement and attack speed. When they spawn in, they won't wander far from their spawn point, instead opting to slowly saunter around looking for something to kill. Once they spot the player, or something else they want dead, they'll suddenly go 'berserk'. Greyling Berserkers will run directly at their target and hit them with surprising attack speed, quickly doing damage if the player doesn't shake them off soon.
4. **Spirit Root:** This is a planned monster. While its file exists, it appears to be presently broken and in need of repair, although I'm not sure whats wrong with it. It would seem certain prefab monsters just throw errors when I try to use them, like customized deer, birds, or even bats. A description will be added once the problem is solved.
##
### Defeated Boss: Bonemass
1. **Poltergeist:** The Poltergeist is one of many in a series of spirit-based undead monsters I designed to make spirit damage more previlant in Valheim. Found at night in the swamp and anytime in the Mist Lands, the Poltergeist takes on the form of a blackened wraith with a misty appearance. It has the same attack capibilities as the typical wraith, only most of its physical damage is swapped with spirit damage. Additionally, the Poltergeist is **extremely resistant** to any sort of physical attack, including elemental. The only significant damage it can take is spirit damage. Best to fight it with a weapon enchanted for such damage or you'll find your attacks falling much shorter than hoped.
2. **Amazon Leech:** 
